# Exercise 11
## Sockets

Reading: Chapter 11 of *Head First C*.

Overaching note: Because it was not the focus of this portion of the exercise as far as I could tell, I did not try to make any of the servers try to ensure that the response coming in was actually "Who's there?" or "Surrealist Giraffe who?". In the case that this was a desired part of the exercise, something analogous to the following type of code would be sufficient:

//Assuming a buffer of chars -> buffer. 

char [] whosthere = "Who's there?" // Could be any other message here we wish 
to verify
int x = memcmp(buffer, whosthere,sizeof(whosthere)); 
x = 0 if true, otherwise false. 

1) Read, compile and run `advice_server.c`, which is the example from
page 474 of *Head First C*.

Done.

2) In another window, use `telnet` to connect to your server, as on page 475.

Done. 

3) Read, compile and run `wiki_client.c`, which is based on the
example on page 497.

Done. 

4) Using `wiki_client.c` as an example, write `advice_client.c`, a
client that connects to `advice_server` and prints a reply.

Done. 

5) Read, compile and run `ikkp_server.c`, which is based on the
example in on page 483.

Done. 

6) In another window, use `telnet` to connect to `ikkp_server`, as on page 484.

Done. 

7) Modify `ikkp_server.c` so it forks a new process for each
connection, as on page 487.

Done. 

8) See if you can have more than one connection to the server going at
the same time.

Done. 

9) Check your modified file in to the repo.

Done.  