# Exercise 4
## Creating small tools


1) Read [the man page for the UNIX command tee](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/tee.1.html).  
And [the Wikipedia page about it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tee_(command)).

2) Write an implementation of `tee` that takes the same command-line
arguments (short form only, or for optional extra fun, both long and
short form).  Implementing the `-i` option is optional.

This is meant as an exercise in efficient C development, which includes:

a) Problem decomposition: what pieces do I need?

    -> Part 1: What is tee?
        -Reads from stdin and writes to files listed in input + std out.
        -> returns 0 if stdin was successfully copied
        -> >0 if error
        -> Arguements taken: 
            tee [ -a ] [-i] [File ... ]

    -> Part 2: Flow of tee?
        -> Interpret options:
            -> Initialize a parameter to indicate appends for dealing w/ files
            -> Ignoring -i because optional 
        -> Interpret files
            -> Get total # of files
            -> Get titles for each file.
        -> For each file that we need to write to
            -> Redirect stdin to file
        -> Write stdin to std out also
            -> redirect stdin to stdout also.
        -> Exit + Cleanup. 


b) Solution location: mostly Google->stackoverflow.

    -> Interpret Options -> using stuff from HFC. 
    -> file stuff -> google

c) Assimilation: bringing in the pieces and testing them.

    -> uh. went piece by piece to test to see if subsections of code worked. Used a lot of printf debugging. 

d) Integration: putting the pieces together. 

For this particular problem, we could skip (a) and just find a
solution.  But let's take this as an opportunity to practice.

3) Reflect: what worked, what slowed you down?  What would you do
differently next time?

    The options worked out of box, which was nice considering that I didn't really have too much experience working with them before. I ran into issues dealing w/ segfaults. Unfortunately, I wasn't really sure how to use gdb to figure out which line was causing issue due to not really knowing how to deal w/ sending arguments to gdb, but I was able to work around using print statements to isolate the bug to the fprintf line. After a little bit of time, I finally figured out that I was using the wrong indexing variable there (x instead of j), which tells me that I should probably minimize the number of different indexing variables when I can. Alternatively, I should probably also just pay more attention to the line. 

4) Compare your solution to the real thing.  What do you see in
professional code that is not in your solution?

See code for inline description of the comparison.

5) Write comments in the code to answer the last two questions, then
check it in to the repo.

See code. 