# Exercise 2
## Pointers


1.  Read `stack.c`, which should be in this directory.  What is it
intended to do?  What would the output be if the program worked as
expected?

The function is likely to try to initialize an 5 element array, all initially set to 42. 

After which, assuming that we are trying to modify the 5 element array just 
declared, another function tries to set the elements of that array to 
[0 1 2 3 4]. If we are not assuming that we are trying to modify the 5 
element array, then we are just creating an array on the stack that contains 
the above values. 

After these two functions, the program prints each value in the pointer that was returned by foo(). 

2.  Compile it.  Do you get a warning?  What does it mean?
3.  
Yes, warning:

stack.c: In function ‘foo’:
stack.c:22:12: warning: function returns address of local variable [-Wreturn-local-addr]
     return array;

It means that we are returning a local variable address. When the function 
returns, it returns the value of a variable whose address is on the stack.
 Behavior after the function returns and pushes off the values is 
 undefined/can result in segfaults. 


3.  Run it.  What happens?  You might get a segmentation fault, or you might get some strange output.  Can you explain it?  You might find it
helpful to draw a stack diagram.

We get a segfault. The pointer that is returned by foo() points to a piece of
 memory that was popped off the stack following the conclusion of the foo
  function. This would be the 'local address' that the previous warning was
   talking about, and accessing that memory can produced undefined/segfault
    results if it was already popped from the stack. 

Order of stack pushing:

1. Program Start:
-> push space for an integer
-> push space for array pointer for foo call return
2. foo() begin
-> push space for int i
-> push array pointer
-> push space for array[SIZE]
3. foo() return
-> pop array[size]
-> pop int i
-> return array pointer

(above happens in some order, not quite sure how arrays specifically are 
dealt in this context. )

4. bar() start
-> push space for int i
-> push array pointer
-> push space for array[SIZE]
(the above are in the same place in the stack as the elements in foo() begin)

5. bar() return
-> pop array[size]
-> pop int i
-> return array pointer
(again, above happens in some order, not quite sure how arrays specifically 
are dealt in this context. )



4.  Comment out the `print` statements in `foo()` and `bar()` and run
it again.  What happens now?

They both print the same pointer, in the 0x7ff region of memory. This 
implies that they are both using the same piece of memory. Still a segfault 
in this case, possibly due to memory access outside of allowed region. 


5.  Add comments to the code to explain these experiments and the results,
then check the code in to the repo.

Done. 


Moral: Don't return pointers to stack allocated data!
